c:\users\mert\source\repos\Hastane Otomasyonu\Hastane Otomasyonu\bin\Debug\Hastane Otomasyonu.exe.config
c:\users\mert\source\repos\Hastane Otomasyonu\Hastane Otomasyonu\bin\Debug\Hastane Otomasyonu.exe
c:\users\mert\source\repos\Hastane Otomasyonu\Hastane Otomasyonu\bin\Debug\Hastane Otomasyonu.pdb
c:\users\mert\source\repos\Hastane Otomasyonu\Hastane Otomasyonu\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\mert\source\repos\Hastane Otomasyonu\Hastane Otomasyonu\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\mert\source\repos\Hastane Otomasyonu\Hastane Otomasyonu\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\mert\source\repos\Hastane Otomasyonu\Hastane Otomasyonu\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\mert\source\repos\Hastane Otomasyonu\Hastane Otomasyonu\obj\Debug\Hastane Otomasyonu.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\mert\source\repos\Hastane Otomasyonu\Hastane Otomasyonu\obj\Debug\Hastane_Otomasyonu.Form1.resources
c:\users\mert\source\repos\Hastane Otomasyonu\Hastane Otomasyonu\obj\Debug\Hastane_Otomasyonu.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\mert\source\repos\Hastane Otomasyonu\Hastane Otomasyonu\obj\Debug\Hastane Otomasyonu.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
c:\users\mert\source\repos\Hastane Otomasyonu\Hastane Otomasyonu\obj\Debug\Hastane Otomasyonu.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\mert\source\repos\Hastane Otomasyonu\Hastane Otomasyonu\obj\Debug\Hastane Otomasyonu.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\users\mert\source\repos\Hastane Otomasyonu\Hastane Otomasyonu\obj\Debug\Hastane Otomasyonu.exe
c:\users\mert\source\repos\Hastane Otomasyonu\Hastane Otomasyonu\obj\Debug\Hastane Otomasyonu.pdb
c:\users\mert\source\repos\Hastane Otomasyonu\Hastane Otomasyonu\obj\Debug\Hastane_Otomasyonu.Form2.resources
c:\users\mert\source\repos\Hastane Otomasyonu\Hastane Otomasyonu\obj\Debug\Hastane_Otomasyonu.Form3.resources
c:\users\mert\source\repos\Hastane Otomasyonu\Hastane Otomasyonu\obj\Debug\Hastane_Otomasyonu.Form4.resources
c:\users\mert\source\repos\Hastane Otomasyonu\Hastane Otomasyonu\bin\Debug\Laboratuvar.dll
c:\users\mert\source\repos\Hastane Otomasyonu\Hastane Otomasyonu\bin\Debug\Laboratuvar.pdb
c:\users\mert\source\repos\Hastane Otomasyonu\Hastane Otomasyonu\obj\Debug\Hastane_Otomasyonu.Form5.resources
